#860: Loosen chain requirements. (#861)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

> For an X.509 credential, each entry in the chain represents a single DER-encoded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an X.509 credential, each entry in the `certificates` field represents a single DER-encoded
```

Reviewer: ... and the corresponding change to the struct definition above.

For an X.509 credential, each entry in the chain represents a single DER-encoded
X.509 certificate. The chain is ordered such that the first entry (chain[0]) is

> the end-entity certificate and each subsequent certificate in the chain SHOULD be

Reviewer 2: I am very uncomfortable with this change for two reasons. Every SHOULD needs to have a statement explaining when you would not do the recommended behavior and why. Also, since this is regarding credential validation I think this is a pretty terrible idea. 

I would prefer to leave this as a MUST. I will comment on another way to accomplish the stated goal in the Conversation part of the PR.
